explain how to support Android app intents for app-to-app exchange of SHCs (#197)
smart-on-fhir/health-cards: docs/index.md

  ]
}
```
#### on Android

> When issuing a SMART Health Card from one app to another on Android, use:

Reviewer: I'd probably change "issuing" to "transferring" or "sending" to clarify that the sender is not an issuer in the SHC sense.

Author: ```suggestion
When transferring a SMART Health Card from one app to another on Android, use:
```

> When transferring a SMART Health Card from one app to another on Android, use:

Author: ```suggestion
When transferring a SMART Health Card from one app to another on Android, implement a [ContentProvider](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/providers/content-provider-creating) to communicate the uri to a .smart-health-card, like this:
```

Author: @jdkizer9 , @OpangEpic - I'm unfortunately out of my depth here, gents. Is this content accurate and appropriate?

Reviewer 2: I would word it somewhat like this:
> When transferring a SMART Health Card from one app to another on Android, send the SHC via a content provider URI pointing to the .smart-health-card.

If we'd like documentation to point them towards - the content provider overview page may be more apt:(https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/providers/content-providers). They may be using an android-provided content provider (Ex. FileProvider), and not making a custom one.

Author: ```suggestion
When transferring a SMART Health Card from one app to another on Android, send it via a [content provider](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/providers/content-providers) URI pointing to the .smart-health-card.
```

```java
Intent intent = new Intent();
intent.setAction(Intent.ACTION_SEND);

> intent.SetType("application/smart-health-card");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intent.setType("application/smart-health-card");
```

> intent.putExtra(Intent.EXTRA_STREAM, uri);

Reviewer 3: What is `uri` here?

intent.addFlags(Intent.FLAG_GRANT_READ_URI_PERMISSION);
intent.addFlags(Intent.FLAG_ACTIVITY_NEW_TASK);

> startActivityForResult(Intent.createChooser(intent, ...

Reviewer 3: Does this pass a `uri` only, or a complete `.smart-health-card` JSON file?

Reviewer 3: (The `uri` has a limited length and can only convey a single chunk of a single JWS, but the full JSON file can a full JWS and even more than one JWS.)

```

To receive a SMART Health Card in an Android app, register an intent filter, like:
```xml
    <intent-filter>
        <action android:name="android.intent.action.SEND"/>
        <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT"/>
        <data android:mimeType="application/smart-health-card"/>
    </intent-filter>

> <!-- other apps on the device (e.g. Gmail, Files) may use ACTION_VIEW and a binary MIME type, to be safe also support the below -->

Reviewer 3: If apps need to support `ACTION_VIEW` with this MIME type for full compatibility, why don't we just specify this (instead of `ACTION_SEND`) above? Can we describe the advantages of `SEND`?

Reviewer 3: > would also like to support opening a SHC from the Files app & other apps.

If I understand correctly, there are some apps (like GMail) where clicking an SHC attachment file triggers `ACTION_SEND`, and others apps (like Files) where clicking an SHC file in a local directory tree triggers `ACTION_VIEW`, even though these "feel" pretty equivalent to an end-user? If that's the case, it makes sense to recommend that receivers register for both, sure.

Reviewer: Yes, this explanation sounds right from my experience. `ACTION_SEND` vs `ACTION_VIEW` seems to be more of a "product" decision, so perhaps we can simply identify the differences between the two, include sample implementations, and let implementers choose for themselves. How does that sound to folks?
